quality culture
by his teammates javier ue diana karen
flowers had extra handle
today we are going to talk about what is
continuous improvement
to be able to talk about continuous improvement
you must understand the fact that no
there are unique solutions to the problems
but several
all of them likely to be
improved
customer satisfaction as being
human has no limits
after a certain time all level
qualitative achieved is given by
discounted
which loses its value before the eyes
of the client given that their expectations
they grow and change continuously
the companies that contemplate the quality
in a static way they run a serious
risk
because by not complying with the changes
in future expectations that can
have the clients and be satisfied with a
certain level of satisfaction
leaving a gap for the purchase
hence the importance of working
continuously to improve the quality of
all business processes
improve quality does not mean the
fruit of innovations that makes a
unlimited in number of people in the
inside a company promoting the
costs
that could lack limits and
compromise the existence of the company
on the contrary with the total quality
improve the quality that is based on
small but numerous improvements and
continued that all the
members of the company
the characteristics of this improvement to
small steps are
can and should involve all the staff
of the company
the maintenance of what is
has and is improved with the potential that
account each operator in terms of
intellectual and knowledge capacity
orientation totally focused on the
personal
requires knowledge of
efforts even before the
results
is obtained with the use of
seven instruments and the cycle
of c
ah
and the seven instruments would be the
following
the data collection sheet
the histogram
the cause-effect diagram
the wall diagram
stratification the diagram
correlation
and the control sheet
we also have the basic rules for
a continuous improvement which are
you can not improve anything that has not
been controlled
you can not control anything that has not
been measured
you can not measure anything that has not been
definite
and you can not define anything that has not
been identified
applying it in an organization the
continuous improvement implies in the
following points
analysis and evaluation of the situation
existing
objectives for the best implementation
of possible measurement solution
check
analysis and evaluation of the results
of the implementation
formalization of the changes
the results are reviewed to detect
improvement opportunities
improvement is a continuous activity and
part of the information received from
own system and customers